My ladies and gentlemen!
The first general election is being held
The opposition party is not sincere when it discusses the rule of the nation
But it is committed to measure the interior leading
that was completed by the
prefecture of Meeting of manufacturer of mettle's
was by 4th of last year.
Next year, in regard to the
coexistence of the economy in the land,
we will settle the
rip-off of thehd
and turn
and maintained the rights and interests of the empire, as you know.
At the same time, in order to implement the industrial development,
regional documents and fundamental abnormalities that are claimed as financial assets and others,
each government has set up a plan for each of them.
The government, of course, does not try to suppress the peace of the world and the world,
nor does it try to loosen the national defense.
However, in view of the balance between the world and the country,
and the current situation of the empire,
the government has pushed the focus of foreign policy on the food industry,
mass-produced real- life A dollars
We are ready to obtain an order to prevent corruption.